c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\bin\Debug\smkNas.exe.config
c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.Login.resources
c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.Resources.resources
c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.xml
c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\bin\Debug\smkNas.exe
c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\bin\Debug\smkNas.pdb
c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\bin\Debug\smkNas.xml
c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.exe
c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.pdb
c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.infoSekolah.resources
c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.infoJurusan.resources
c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.formKoreksi.resources
c:\users\arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.mainMenu.resources
C:\Users\Arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.formDaftar.resources
C:\Users\Arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.infoDaftar.resources
C:\Users\Arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.message.resources
C:\Users\Arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.question.resources
C:\Users\Arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.subFormKoreksi.resources
C:\Users\Arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.sidebarGuru.resources
C:\Users\Arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.formUnduhSoal.resources
C:\Users\Arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.sidebarAdmin.resources
C:\Users\Arinal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\smkNas\smkNas\obj\Debug\smkNas.sidebarMurid.resources
